so aisel missoura since then has
released several videos ok I'll flash
the screenshots here real quick several
videos about noir vegan and Hannah Chloe
because noir vegan is now threatening to
release every single correspondence
between hazel and and himself nerve
vegans threatened to release all the
emails between himself and aizawa's art
so ISIL preemptively decided to release
some of his emails first and the
evidence is damning in here last things
first this was an email from a couple of
months ago when I was trying to put a
positive end to a very negative
situation with noir vegan with Michael
when I assumed this was just gonna be a
private conversation between us that he
wasn't gonna post the email publicly on
the internet which he threatened to do
repeatedly and then finally promised to
do decisively that he was gonna make all
this public so now I have to make it
public too at the stage of the
conversation this email comes from he's
already said that I'm a narcissist and
I'm a terrible human being and various
ways he's already publicly supported a
video by Joe best a video that said I
was a psychopath and he was making
comments generally in agreement with
this although not directly and
specifically endorsing his theory it was
you know very hurtful negative situation
and this is what I wrote the guy you
will see the context for this if you
watch the video as a whole Michael I'm
sorry that you're hurt I'm sorry that
you feel that I didn't support you or
didn't support Hannah when I made
various videos that I thought were very
supportive of both you and Hannah I
believed I was supporting Hannah's
publicly stated position that there was
no rape and that there should be no
discussion of rape you found that
hurtful and you expressed your rage and
indignation to me after a very long
pause many months later more than a year
later thing I'm sorry if you really felt
offended by my videos about Nina and
Iran I'm sorry that you didn't want to
discuss any of these issues with me but
I understand that you're hurt by a great
many things I'm sorry that you feel all
alone and the
nobody supports you and that nobody
understands you and that nobody is
trustworthy aside from Dom bow or
kereama carpet etc the situation you're
in as you perceive it and as you
describe it yourself is a very sorrowful
one I didn't want you to feel alone I
wanted you to feel that I was one of the
people willing to listen and that I was
one of the people trying to support you
and you don't feel that way that's okay
that's your decision so this is an
apology letter that I sent to him
despite the fact that he'd already said
terrible things against me already
gotten very angry and very upset but I
understand he's upset I sent him this
apology one of Nohr vegans main claims
in proving that I'm a narcissist is that
I didn't accept an apology he made to me
and that I didn't accept an apology from
Joe best at one point well this this is
a real apology I'm apologizing I'm
trying to make him feel better I'm
trying to put a positive conclusion this
situation and how does he respond he
completely rejects the possibility this
is a sincere apology he just dismisses
this as a condescending email when in
fact there's absolutely nothing
condescending about it which is what I
say to him in reply there's absolutely
nothing condescending well this email
nothing so let's just get the back story
for you guys in case anybody is is new
to this drama and it doesn't know the
history back in summer of 2016
during writer accused aizawa's art of
being a pedophile okay since he's has
taken the statements down I think they
were like Facebook comments that he had
made he never gave an official apology
but he did take the the statement
salary's retracted them as Lazard
brought up criminal defamation charges
against Farley Gus you can sue people
criminally not sue them you can
criminally charge somebody with
defamation in Thailand and all this does
have all everything we're talking about
in this video pretty much happened in
Thailand
so after Harley had made these
statements against eyes'll calling him a
pedophile falsely accusing him of
pedophilia Hannah Chloe who was a
community member in the vegan
Thailand fruit call community she
uploaded a video saying that Harley was
actually guilty of the same thing that
he was accusing eyes Allah because
Harley was the one that was luring young
vegan girls back to his apartment to
[ __ ] Michael your case that durianrider
is a narcissist is a joke you're dead
wrong you have no understanding of NPD
narcissistic personality disorder as a
real psychiatric condition I don't think
you've met an interview people the
condition I don't think you've been
through real psychiatric medical
literature on it you're not using formal
diagnostic criteria or checklists but
also the way you just slander anyone
who's your opponent in a debate by
claiming they're a narcissist your claim
that I'm a narcissist is based on on two
two legs it stands on two legs one that
I respond to criticism poorly and you
know if that's true okay a lot of people
respond to criticism poorly and to that
I didn't accept your apology well guess
what Michael by those two criteria you
are a narcissist Michael you would have
to condemn yourself much more harshly
than you condemn me because that was a
great example of me sending you a
sincere apology and trying to improve
the situation and you completely
dismissing it you responding in a manner
that you would define as narcissistic
yourself I don't define it that way I
don't want to fall down this rabbit hole
where everyone who disagrees with me or
everyone who feels to take criticism
well yeah everyone who gets upset is a
narcissist just for that reason Michael
you need to take a long look in the
mirror you need to stop making these
kinds of character assassinations
against your fellow vegans on the
Internet
this is super super important
information Harley made a video where he
admitted to having sex with Hannah Chloe
and he even went so far as to say that
the very next day he had a sore pelvis
everybody remembers the sore pelvis
statement so that's like the background
information for you guys now at the time
we don't know if an employee was with
nor vegan we don't know if they
taking a break or maybe ignored vegan
was just interested in Hannah Chloe we
really it's hard to tell exactly when
they started dating and when that
relationship was actually a thing it
could have been after the summer of 2016
but to bring us up to the current time
nor vegan has come out with several
hour-long documentaries about Harley
that are titled unmasking the narcissus
he's been doing this for about the past
year now literally obsessing over Harley
and Harley alone on his channel trying
to chase him off of the internet okay
this email is from Medan Norvig on and i
would guess it was about a month earlier
than the first emails have shown to you
in this video
sort approximate date could be more than
a month I was trying to end what seemed
to me a meaningless and hostile
correspondence I write to him saying I
said before you destroyed during like
writers life you one start talking like
a winner stop talking like a whiner
you're asking me to pity you while at
the same time insulting me etc it's
absurd and I just pause here remember
there's no reason for me to be
addressing nor vegan as as a victim or
PDM or what have you he was very much an
aggressor in this situation he was
making a series of really shocking
videos attacking durianrider
and I'm telling him you should start
behaving like a winner you should be a
bit magnanimous like a winner stop
talking like you're a loser in this
situation and like I said I felt he was
just putting in an absurd situation
where he's asking me to pity him while
at the same time sending me these
insults and saying I may be a narcissist
in this kind of nonsense right I point
out when I showed you death threats that
dr sent me you laughed at them and
rightly so now you send me your own
examples he sent me examples of dr
sending him death threats and he was
saying you know how scared he is and how
I should feel sorry for him now you send
me your own examples asking me to pity
you why you really seem paranoid and
insane in this correspondence have a
typo there I'm being sincere when I say
that that's really just how I felt about
the email he was sending at the time
durianrider has nothing now
YouTube was his only source of income
the festival was his only source of
pride he lost everything and he lost the
trust of 99% of his friends even Joey
carb strong etc now as you can gather I
write this with real sympathy for the
other side put yourself in durianrider
shoes think about the position he's in
and think about how really inappropriate
you know nor feegans behavior as at
least well in this case I felt he was
being inappropriate just in his private
correspondence with myself but I'm not
faking here you know that's really how I
view the situation stop talking like a
whiner start talking like a winner start
being a bit magnanimous and honorable
given that you're the winner in the
situation and given that there really is
a morally ambiguous double edged sword
type of situation here where you've
destroyed a public figures life and
destroyed a public figures credibility
already I continue wake up
grow up start acting like a man direct
and forthright you're trading in
innuendo to an absurd extent and
pleading for pity when you're the winner
you know I've said before I'm not a nice
guy
this is definitely tough love this isn't
unlike the email I showed at the very
start of this video well it's definitely
not being condescending none of it is
this is really respecting him and
treating him as the aggressor in his
conflict with durianrider which he was
this email was actually prior to the one
you just saw and this just unpacked a
little bit further what it is I was
saying there why that was so brief and
so truncated I had already written to
him saying quote stop feeling sorry for
yourself you and I both did our part to
destroy Darien writers life and it is
destroyed his career his reputation etc
destroyed is he guilty of rape not to my
knowledge
Hannah told me directly that she had
consensual sex with durianrider stop
feeling sorry for yourself you've just
sent me a [ __ ] email insinuating
that durianrider is guilty of rape
there's no other sense in which you
could possibly mean what you said
Hannah's video was deceptive and vague
it put dr in the position of telling the
truth that was a mistake on her part
stop pretending that sex is irrelevant
Hannah's story with so many details
quote he stroked my hair on the couch
etc didn't accidentally omit that they
had sex afterward it was deceptive and
it made your site look bad and then you
said nothing for a year
grow up stop feeling sorry for yourself
you won you destroyed his life is that
what you wanted
look at his situation in 2015 vs. 2018
it's pathetic look at your own future by
contrast need i say more
I can imagine how devastating this was
the jury inviter
to all of his aspirations his
aspirations as a vegan activist his
aspirations as a career youtuber and
everything else this had a devastating
effect on the other man but I am NOT
gonna lie
about what Hannah and Nour vegan said to
me about these rape allegations and I'm
not getting into this at length in this
video there are already two videos on
this channel unpacking this issue so you
can take a look at those earlier videos
if you don't know what I'm talking about
here but that goes through what I said
what I knew of what I didn't say what I
don't know and why this is now public
instead of being just private
correspondence then a few weeks ago when
almost a month ago now when Harley's
channel went down you guys remember this
Harley's channel went down for Terms of
Service violations nor vegan took credit
for that in the way that he did that was
he posed in a video in front of the
headquarters of the YouTube headquarters
in San Francisco and he said I'm here in
San Francisco
I brought YouTube headquarters a list of
all the the bad things that during Ryder
has done and his channel is now down you
can't slander people misleading his
audience and in alluding to the idea
that he was the one that was responsible
for Harley's channel being taken down
then just about a week later are these
channel goes back up so everybody's
thinking wow like what's going on here
nor vegan and if you look at
or vegans video mad dislikes like way
over a thousand dislikes now and
personally I think from the most part
nor vegan has been discredited I don't
think anybody really takes that dude
seriously anymore I think in the
beginning like maybe like last November
December January when his first couple
of videos against Harley came out people
were like oh yeah you know Nord vegans
doing a good thing here and you see
taking on the big bed Harley Johnstone
and trying to save veganism right but I
think after all of this has been said
and done people realize that you know
he's just another egomaniac that's
trying to defend you know even as
admirable as it is to defend yourself or
defend your girlfriend he's really just
obsessed now okay guys we're now gonna
go through a pretty long list of emails
to myself and Noor vegan as rapidly as
possible so you can pause to read
everything that's on screen if you feel
you have that level of interest and on
the other hand you may want to skip over
this or stop watching the video entirely
this sequence of emails will conclude
with the apology that I posted as the
very first email in this video so in a
sense we're catching up to where we were
at the beginning or we started at the
end and you'll see I mean both he and I
are upset in this correspondence there's
no de I wouldn't deny that I'm upset and
I don't know if he denied he was upset
also but I did have good intentions I
think that's gonna be obvious to anyone
reading this in a neutral and detached
manner and he can't see that at all the
same way he completely dismissed my
apology as having ulterior motives as
being manipulative as being insincere as
being something you know he has this
really kind of paranoid mentality where
no matter how I try to help there's no
plot getting him there's no satisfying
he responds to everything as having some
other meaning than what is so plainly
stated in simple English here alright so
this email is me writing to him this is
the start of this sequence of emails
there are a few positive statements I
can pick out and respond to just a few
so that's saying look I'm gonna ignore
some of the insulting and negative stuff
you sent me I'm gonna try to build on
what's positive in the email
correspondence
at this point okay you've sent me an
extremely insulting and demeaning
message if you can't recognize that
you're really out of touch with reality
you claim that you're offended by what I
said about Nina and Aranda caveat I
don't know if you've really seen the
video is concerned I doubt it
that's being sincere I just don't think
he ever watched the videos he heard
something that somebody else said about
them but what he said up the video is
just did not sound like he knew what I
my argument actually was or what action
what I actually said or why well you've
just written to be Michael really is
more demeaning your maligning my
character psychologically personally etc
and you're reading things into my
intentions actions words etc that are
profoundly disturbing as well as
insulting and yes to a much lesser
extent you have been doing this in
public YouTube comment sessions why do
you think my commentary on Nina and
Rhonda is so harmful whereas your
suggestion that I'm a narcissist is not
my depiction of Nina and Rhonda very
clearly explained and justified directly
in reference to their own video content
is serving a very clear political serve
purpose in the videos concerned for
example the title of one of them is stop
treating women like infants a very clear
feminist message actually again that's a
video about Nina and right on my channel
I'm not embarrassed by it you know
whereas your depiction of me is damning
and appeals to private information about
me etc and it is only damning you went
in the comments section to blacken my
character with no other redeeming
purpose or objective and you know this
once what you've said against me
privately and publicly doesn't help the
vegan movement and it doesn't help
anything
it isn't about veganism feminism or
anything else it is just character
assassination from your perspective as
someone who made a so-called documentary
about me who spoke with me privately etc
and if you're really so sensitive that
you're offended by my critique of Nina
and Rhonda why can't you see this as
problematic okay I then quote him from
an earlier email he wrote what do you
want me to do I want happy to fix this
and be on good terms again I really do
appreciate that sentiment and stated
intention Michael and I wish you had
written email with this as the primary
thesis so I am thanking him for this
saying I appreciate this maybe we can
build on this but obviously he's been
writing a lot of negative and insulting
stuff to me I also think you should
practice asking questions instead of
making a
because you have made many many
ludicrous accusations in this message
and any of them could have just been
questions regarding quote do you want me
to make a video show the comments that I
made say that I was out of line the
comments like these damaged reputations
had hurt people that this was wrong of
me and I don't want to be that person
and I of course retract everything I
said so again I don't know if this was
sincere on his part but I treated it as
sincere so Wow he's offering to make a
video apologizing for his comments
against me but I say back no that's
that's not necessary I'm just trying to
calm me down and make you feel better so
again I don't know whether or not his
intentions were ever genuine because
this disappears really quickly
thereafter in the conversation but I
write back my understanding of the
current situation is that you still seem
to be genuinely confused
above the things you're upset about
things that you're accusing me of etc so
you'd probably be better off addressing
or discussing those issues with me and
actually feeling better about the
situation so in case you didn't catch
what just happened there on those two
paragraphs he offered to make a public
apology on YouTube to say that he was in
the wrong and that this damages my
reputations and hurts me and I say back
look I think the real problem here is
just that you're upset you're confused
and I'm trying to make you feel better
so maybe we should you know talk on
skype
maybe we should address this problem etc
okay I go on to say if you actually
believe that I'm such a terrible person
you believe these crazy theories about
my tactics and making that video about
Joe best if you believe you've seen
through my tactics as you say to
something hidden and terrible beneath a
whole line of reasoning on your part
that seems paranoid and insane from my
perspective then you should talk to me
about these issues so again I'm being
very positive in response to very
negative situation all right and there
in all caps they say you should not
publicly blacken my character Pithom you
asked if I offer to talk to you on skype
the call could be 100% private or we
could use portions as a podcast or video
your choice always let my guest censor
or request deletions but I have to ask
for example one do you actually have any
interest in discussing the neden Randa
videos with me your claim that I became
angry at you about this is really false
I went back and reread the messages I
would run back and reread the earlier
emails we had he's alluding to I can
resend them if you like it would also
seem false
to say that you were angry me about it
it was mentioned the Nina rant video it
was just mentioned and then you became
upset about rape which is very easy to
understand it seems to me entirely
obvious that you were not really
interesting talking about Nina rant at
all it came up but you didn't reply with
any interest when I indicated that you
should watch the actual video is
concerned discuss with me if you were
interested I still don't think you've
seen those two videos one of which has
stopped treating women like infants in
the title I give a link it just isn't
true that we had any sort of discussion
about this you mentioned it and I
indicated in reply that we could discuss
it further if you wanted to if you watch
the actual videos concerned about Nina
and Randa and then you became a set
about rape versus non rape the latter
again is understandable I can completely
understand why you are so upset and thus
I made a huge effort to address your
concerns although you were a complete
[ __ ] toward me what is not
understandable is why you'd now be
defaming me in YouTube's comment
sessions in the way that you are I made
a huge effort to patch things up with
you and Hanna in the context of you
being extremely reasonable again I can
understand what this is upsetting for
you but dot-dot-dot brings us up to this
current moment okay now when noir vegan
had uploaded that video taking credit
for Harley's channel being taken down
and before Harley's channel went back up
aisel put out a video that we missed
over here on this channel and he had
suggested that maybe noir vegan was
lying that maybe noir vegan was not
telling the truth and that he was trying
to take credit for Holly Shelby had
taken down to build himself up and to
make himself more credible in the eyes
of the vegan community now noir vegan
did not like that and that's when this
story just blows up today the [ __ ] is
crazy man if you had told me back in
2016 summer 2016 that this [ __ ] was all
gonna come to a head to this very point
in time right now oh man you could not
have predicted it I would have I
wouldn't have believed it I wouldn't
have believed it it only happens on
YouTube this [ __ ] you cannot make up in
a book it only happens in vegan YouTube
number two your sole justification for
your
behavior is an ESL miss intere
misinterpretation of the words affair
and [ __ ] it's an English as a second
language problem English is not his
first language you're 100% wrong about
this in English we use the word affair
to just mean situation normally a
complex situation or series of events
thus I say things like your conduct in
this affair I understand that English is
your second language but you
misinterpreted the word to a bizarre
extent the word [ __ ] is extremely vague
in English it actually can be used to
describe rape not only consensual sex
and again you've ascribed a meaning to
it that the word just doesn't hold
however even if you were reasonable in
your reading of these words and you are
not you're a hundred percent wrong on
these two words how could it possibly be
reasonable for you to disregard the
pages and pages of effort I made to
resolve this issue with you and with
Hannah how could it be reasonable for
you to disregard the months of positive
correspondence we had before that you
know if you're offended by it something
I've said an email okay my heart goes
out to you but why are you making an
enemy out of me I've been supportive
I've been trying to be your friend you
know just just be reasonable just be a
mensch right now in the contents of this
message if I did use the word affair and
[ __ ] incorrectly in the past
why can't you recognise my efforts to
really communicate with you since then
and to address your concerns now look
I'm not adding on any psychological
character assassination here but you
tell me I don't know maybe the problem
really is that noir vegan is a
narcissist maybe he's the one who has
MPD why is it impossible for him to be
reasonable you know even if I'm an
imperfect human being even of a terrible
human being just be reason with me how
could it be reasonable for you to say in
effect quote you use the word affair
defined in the dictionary as one an
event or sequence of events of a
specified kind that I presume we
preferred to and you use the word [ __ ]
therefore you're supporting writers
version of events and I'm gonna treat
you as an enemy despite all of your
attempts to mount how is that reasonable
how can you or can you not see the
purpose of my prior correspondence you
now complain in a paranoid manner that I
wrote to Hannah
after you told me not to but look at the
positive intent and content of those
messages it is very very clear that I
was trying to be your ally and supporter
despite the fact you've been a complete
[ __ ] toward toward me why is it so
hard for you to appreciate
number three much more briefly I'd
mentioned in parallel that I think you
have gnosis your interest in discussing
my two-year plus personal history with
Joe best I'm completely open to
discussing these things with you I could
do a podcast with you on Nina and Rand I
could do a podcast you on Joe best etc
but my impression is that you raise both
it just examples just to throw them in
my faces of approach and to back up your
portrait of me as a terrible person
possibly narcissism narcissists etc and
you have zero interest in discussing the
videos involved or the events involved
etc and this is understandable because
it isn't very interesting so look guys
I'm partly saying this is understandable
because it isn't very interesting but
the truth is this is really low and mean
and awful you can't go around
psychologically judging people while
having no sincere interest in what
actually happened and why what their
motives were what their conduct was so
what you just you think I'm a villain
because of something I said to need in
aranda you don't even know what I said
you think I'm a villain because of Joe
bests incredibly skewed version of
events incredibly dishonest attempts to
pillory me on the internet which has
gone on for more than two years he has a
more than a two year track record on
that and my track record is a real
contrast if you even just watch the
videos let alone ask me about it so
again sympathy isn't an analytical tool
and psychological diagnosis are meant to
help people not to hurt people if you're
interested in making a psychological
diagnosis make sure you're doing it in
order to help someone and not to try to
just harm them to fame them publicly or
destroy their lives you know if you
really think there's something
psychologically wrong with me because of
my interactions with Joe best I think
just watching the videos on my channel
about that is enough counter evidence
but ok so what are you trying to help
look what you really you know really you
think I have a psychological problem and
that's why I had this problem Joe best
it's not all the things Joe best did
wrong that he himself has recognized and
apologized for Joe best knows he was in
the wrong and a whole bunch of issues
you know come on let's get real here all
right number four look I'm happy to lead
the comment edit it edit didn't retract
the statements he says and I say okay go
ahead and delete the comment but please
consider my invitation to talk via Skype
we can talk in person privately or you
can decide afterward what percentage the
court you like to me public again I have
to urge you to practice asking questions
instead of making accusations do you
actually have a questionable history
with Joe best I
doubt it it isn't that interesting why
not ask me a question instead of
spinning out these bizarre
interpretations that seemed to serve no
purpose aside from blackening my
character and justifying your already
stated insults against me so I accused
or suggested that noir vegan was
possibly being deceptive and was lying
nor vegan didn't like that so Norvig an
email
aisel this is what I will say in the
last couple of days on his channel he
uploaded a video entitled I'm sorry -
noir vegan and it was one of these
half-ass apology videos that eyes'll is
known for you know someone for freelee's
dumb one for Harley where he just
basically gets on camera he's like I'm
sorry if I made you feel this way and
I'm sorry that you're offended here
right and he doesn't actually take back
anything he says or whatever or actually
try to make an apology just names the
video my apology and it's not an apology
which is fair enough it's funny as [ __ ]
don't get me wrong the way eyes'll
trolls that [ __ ] is hilarious but nor
vegan wanted demanded an apology from
Heysel because he's in and what ISIL
says that that noir vegan admitted to
ISIL and an email that an ISIL has shown
the receipts for this in an email nor
vegan admitted that he was just trolling
he says well I didn't lie I though I
don't want people thinking I'm a liar
please take it back that I lied please
make an apology video because he wants
to be credible with the the vegans on
YouTube you know he wants to be credible
in this community he doesn't want
anybody god forbid every PUD anybody
finds out that he's just another
narcissistic egomaniac Fame for just try
to make content and videos that mad
people are gonna watch so he can grant
gain some kind of credibility online
within vegan youtube right god forbid he
actually gets exposed is if that's the
worst thing in the world five you open
this discussion with the claim that I
don't respond well to criticism have you
watched this 47 minute long video
responding to criticism this video is
not unique on my channel I actively seek
out and reward intelligent criticism and
you can tell that I'm laughing and
responding the mode and it relaxed way
most the time even when my critics are
really very insulting but look again why
would you judge someone as a narcissist
because they don't cope with criticism a
lot of people don't now I don't actually
think that's true of me I think there's
a lot of ever
even on my youtube-channel of how well I
respond to criticism but if I'm a
narcissist just for these two reasons
that he's presenting one being that I
don't respond well to criticism and the
other being that I didn't accept his
apology
we'll then guess what nor vegan you're a
narcissist you're a much worse
narcissist cuz it's obvious you don't
cope wealth criticism and you've
rejected my apologies again and again
that's happened repeatedly and when they
were they were sincere and
well-intentioned apologies alright
number six what you've said about me
publicly consists of lies shame on you
this email you sent me is really
extremely insulting and demeaning I've
tried to pick out a few parts that were
slowly positive respond to here but I've
never said anything so demeaning about
Nina and Aranda as what you're saying
about me now and the critique I did
present to Nina and Randa served a real
purpose your critique of me didn't but
Norweigan demanded the apology from
eyes'll and admitted that he was
trolling he really didn't have anything
to do with Harley's channel being taken
down so that's been exposed so that's
another reason I think noir vegans
starting to really lose a lot of
credibility not the only not for the
fact that Harley's channel did go back
up but also that he's now admitted to
Wisel and ISIL spilled the beans on this
that he was just that nor vegan was just
trolling when he said he took down the
early channel so eyes on his art since
then has released several videos ok I'll
flash the screenshots here real quick
several videos about Noor vegan and
Hannah Chloe because Noor vegan is now
threatening to release every single
correspondence between Heysel and and
himself non vegans threatened to release
all the emails between himself and
aizawa's are so ISIL preemptively
decided to release some of his emails
first and the evidence is damning in
here this is just a comment on Charles's
video
Charles Marlowe's video someone
commented Narcis the word narcissist has
now become the equivalent of what racist
is in the political world it's lost all
its meaning I think I think I actually
put the city here by accident but hey it
can say alright I'm running out of
patience here he writes back so he
throws away everything positive with
that
completely rejects the possibility of
having a Skype call with me obviously
the possibility that he would actually
you know apologize or attract his
comments has gone now to for whatever
reason I reply to that saying I invited
you to talk on skype I think that part
the email was really clear if you think
you've lost patience you should really
make the effort to imagine how I must
feel that's the most basic thing and
that sympathy requires imagining how the
other person must feel I lost patience
with you a long time ago Michael I don't
want to talk to you but I'm offering to
do so and I'm offering to do so for good
reasons I don't see any good reasons and
anything you've said or done and this
reply of yours is [ __ ] it just makes me
think you're a shitty person that's
honest enough you can go back and pause
it and read that reply very
disappointing compared to the level I
was putting in to try to settle this
dispute he replies back I don't want to
talk to you either so it should just end
there well okay but it didn't just end
there did it you sent me all kinds of
bullying threatening emails and said
you'd make all this correspondence
public so now it's public you created a
conflict where there is no reason for
conflict and he says maybe I should have
just listened when you said you're not a
good person oh I don't know guys so look
pause if you want to read every word of
this I'm just trying to reiterate that I
had good intentions and I said well okay
if we can't move forward with me
actually making you feel better which I
offered to do by Skype if I can't
actually address the conflict then we
can go back to your suggestion which was
that you'd actually delete your comments
and make a public apology that was what
he offered my counteroffer was well why
don't we just have a private
conversation and try to make you feel
better but okay if you know I want to do
that we can go back to option a now he
writes back saying I don't negotiate
with terrorists blah blah blah I'm such
a terrible person and you see at the
bottom it says no apology for you okay
so you see what kind of human being
you're dealing with probably his offer
to apologize to me was always insincere
but I treated it as sincere because I'm
writing him with really good intentions
and I have to assume the other person
Doug deal has good intentions also pause
if you want to read everywhere do this
my reply regarding quote I don't
negotiate with terrorists Michael I made
a positive offer to talk to you on skype
to resolve anything it
everything you said about privately or
publicly you can talk about Nina and
Randa or whatever's on your mind you
refused
I said therefore okay we can do your
suggestion instead it was your
suggestion from your prior message and
now you want to act as if I'm forcing
you to do something you don't want to do
I just said okay we can go back to your
former offer blah blah blah
grow up you are really creating drama
and conflict out of a situation that
need not contain any drama or conflict
and what and you've really shown just
how Hollow your apology was he never
made he just offered to me he promised
them an apology dad what a sack of [ __ ]
you are man um I don't know antics ensue
you can pause if you want to read every
sense of this yeah I don't see anything
here that's really worth commenting
about by all means hit pause if you want
to ah
yeah okay this too I mean again like you
know I'm being sincere here what I his
writing to me seems to me really
paranoid and he's always ascribing bad
intentions to me and hidden meanings to
what I'm saying this sounds a lot like
his own theory of projection that he
says about durianrider but I mean you
know come on man moving ahead hit pause
if you want to read every word of this
something anyone possibly could I'm just
looking over again now why do you behave
as if I've got some sort of strategy to
destroy you or harm you just why you
interpret a very simple situation in an
absurdly paranoid manner you interpret
it as if I'm trying to destroy you I
just offered to have a Skype
conversation with her to make him feel
better regardless of whether or not I'm
in the wrong or he's in the wrong or
we're both in the wrong just trying to
patch things up do something positive
just trying to help okay he writes back
again he's just trying to escalate the
hostility the situation not deescalate
it you can read this if you want to he's
just saying yeah well everybody else has
a problem with you so as if his crappy
behavior was justified by this fact
again I'm just saying look you were an
[ __ ] towards me I'm trying to make
the situation better whatever was that
upsetting to you I offer to talk about
I replied by saying well you were upset
about something so why don't you just
talk to me in order to resolve it make
yourself feel better for things in a
better footing and he's incapable of
responding positive this stuff he writes
back to me and he asks is he the only
one who's insane or paranoid or is it
everyone else and I read back to him
honestly saying no Michael it's just you
you're the only one I've never had to
deal with anyone like you before he
writes back again saying that somehow
other people's opinions with me are
definitive I write back again saying
I've answered your question Michael I've
interacted with hundreds and hundreds of
people I've worked in many diverse
settings you've seen my CV and you'd so
you know to some extent my answer to
your question is no I've never had to
deal with someone who has your type of
paranoid behavior nobody else behaves in
the way that you do his he is just again
trying to escalate the situation you can
tell I'm trying to end the situation I'm
trying to end this conversation ended
positively he's only trying to pick a
fight he's only trying to escalate it
and he's refused my offer to talk on
skype or do something positive or
address any of his concerns whether it's
about Nina Iran or whether it's what
turn right or anything else he's just
trying to make things worse and now we
are back to the start of this sad story
I write this apology saying Michael I'm
sorry you were hurt I'm sorry feel
that's the context for this I sent him
this really positive really conciliatory
really apologetic message in the midst
of this awful bullying harassing
situation he sent all this crap to me
and and if you watch this video from
start to end this is the video that I
posted at the very beginning if you skip
that part
hit pause now and read it but there is
just no satisfying some people he writes
back dismissing this as kind of sending
I just write back reiterating that
there's absolutely nothing quite
condescending about it whatsoever and I
thought that was the end of my colourful
correspondence with Noor vegan but no
the guy had to pick a fight with me
again and again I mean this [ __ ] is so
messy it's so crazy it's so all over the
place okay it's it's just it's the most
insane [ __ ] vegan drama [ __ ] that I
think we've ever seen if they do bring
fake
allegations up against her in Ryder I'm
imagining just from like what ISIL is
saying on his channel is that he would
actually defend Harley 100% against fake
rape allegations okay
even though Harley was the one that
accused ISIL of pian a pedophile so when
all this is said and done okay it's just
crazy how maybe
aisel enduring rider might actually end
up being some sort of like mutual you
know alliance they're against you know
the defamation and the slander in the
vegan community hey what's up everyone
today I want to talk about there are
three different types of people what
people talk about and number one the
start at the bottom number one there's
people that talk about gossip right they
talk about other people
they're just gossip queens all they do
is talk about other people you know
that's that's basically what their life
is based on is they have nothing else
better to talk about than other people
just gossip queens then you have people
that just talk about things you know
cars motorcycles you know just useless
things that's you know their main
conversation pieces things now number
three and this is a category I put
myself in is people that talk about
ideas their brain is constantly working
on new concepts possibly new business
ideas ways to make money we're talking
about new things you follow me so we got
the gossipers people to talk about
things and gossipers basically is you
know where let's say you're you're with
a buddy grab some lunch you're like hey
bro dude I got this [ __ ] in trouble
but it's this idea oh my gosh what I'm
gonna do is you start talking it's like
it's like oh dude check out it on
Facebook look at it look what so-and-so
is doing on Facebook and you're like
like that's what your life consists of
they're talking about [ __ ] Facebook I
mean that's an example of the gossip now
so these three types of people gossip
you'll talk about things and people that
talk about ideas a bonus yen